where you everybody its deep Garfield
from Steve Garfield calm this is the new
kodak zi8 we're going to unbox it here
and show you what we got so this is what
it looks like kodak zi8 and here it is
compared to the old zi6 so there we go
so there you have the camera and comes
with a little strap you get your a/v
cable that goes into the CIA and this is
for mono audio and here's your yellow
video cable i also have an hdmi cable
that goes in your TV this goes in the
zi8 so here's the camera that's new
things with this is it has electronic
image stabilization to keep it more
steady there's a new way that the USB
port opens up it pops out like this it's
on a little flexible connection has an
SD card right there and let's see oh the
new part that it has is an audio in jack
so you can put a microphone in there
I've tested this with the Sennheiser
wireless lav mic that's battery powered
and it worked great putting on the
sennheiser mic and i'm going to test
what it's like if i walk around and
leave the room and then shut the door
and keep talking one two three and then
come back in the room and see what
happened
like that here's the label you want to
make sure you take this label off the
front because underneath the label
that's where the speaker goes so there
you go the kodak zi8